---
title: Refreshed Age of 23
date: 2020-3-29
tags:
	- Journal
	- Annual Letter
categories: 
	- Thoughts
	- Personal Journals
---

I have thought how I should summarize my age of 23 for a long time, because my experience is so diverse and colorful during this year that it is really difficult for me to abstract it in one word. But if I have to choose one, I will say it is a "refreshed" year, which is not only a summary from the hindsight, but also an expectation for the future.

After accepting the offer from the Master of Financial Engineering at NYU, I led a relatively relieved life. It had drove me almost 3 years, and to some extent, I partially achieved the dream from a very young age. But such is a human nature that we always want more. There was an inner voice telling me that I should do something so as not to waste the precious time: therefore, I applied for an economic research assistant and several internship at Beijing and Shanghai. Although they are quite different directions from the hindsight, I was thinking that if I went to the NYU program, I would prefer to continue pursuing a doctoral degree. Fortunately enough, I got the reply from the PhD candidate Franklin Qian first, and started to do the research assistant remotely. He has been patient and instructing me in hands for lots of tasks, and I am still assisting him for his papers now. 

Here, I have to thank him for re-inspiring my academic passion and showing me a clear plan of pursuing academic career. The academic stuff, especially the empirical jobs, is really time consuming and I had spent a lot of time on the first stage of hand collecting. But after that, I had the access to more analyzing works, including building dataset by different tools, imputing a variable, setting up servers and et cetera. I used to consider myself as a meticulous guy when dealing with the arranging and analyzing tasks, whatever they are academic or industrial. However, after I did the research with him, I found there were much improvement I could make, from the thinking flow to the project management. The next stage is more about analysis work, I hope I can handle it and make more progress. 

Considering that research tasks were remote, I started another plan to travel around the China, especially the southern China. There were several meeting held by NYU Tandon School in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou in April and I needed to apply for the US visa in one of these cities. Coincidently, Derek Zhang, my undergraduate roommate, was working at Guangzhou and invited me to live with him. In total I traveled for almost 2 months. I went to Hangzhou, Changsha before I arrived at Guangzhou. During my stay with Derek Zhang, who was living in a serviced apartment in Zhujiang New Town, I also visited Shenzhen, Dongguan, Zhuhai, Macao and Hongkong. Actually, it was the happiest time I have ever had, not only playing with many old friends in XMU, DKU and high school, but trying a lot of new stuff for the first time: going to the hip-hop festival and concert well-known for rappers, riding around SongShan Lake, playing role detective game, watching football games of Evergrande Football Club, attending a seminar in other's school, gambling and enjoy the fantastic atmosphere in Macao, enjoying the beauty before a social movement and experiencing the narrow dwelling in HongKong. I really appreciate that Derek Zhang shared his apartment with me which helped me save a lot of money.

Before I went back to Zhengzhou, I also stopped by Xiamen, Fuzhou and Shanghai to visit teachers and friends in XMU, as well as previous bosses I have cooperated with. Chatting with Arielle and her boyfriend (now her fiance), having dinner with Huan and lunch with Charlotte, I learned quite a lot from them. Because Derek persuaded me to have a travel in the U.K, after receiving the passport from the U.S. Embassy, I need go to Beijing for the U.K. visa. At Beijing, I lived with Endong's apartment, near Wangjing, and met with the instructor of my education agency and old friends in DKU, XMU and high school.

Actually, during this period, I had spent a lot of time with my families. After I came back from Shanghai and before I went to Beijing, my father had to be in hospital and a surgery was necessary. Then during that week, our family members took turns to take care of him. Fortunately, he recovered and left the hospital soon. I also went back to Luoyang to celebrate my grandma's birthday together with other relations. Basically, during the spring and early summer before I went aboard, I tried to say goodbye to most of my friends, instructors, families because I was aware that it is harder and harder for us to reunion again as time flies. I have to cherish these moments.

At the mid of July, I am on the journey of new exploration. My mother sent me to Xi'an Airport and I flied to London first, with transition at Helsinki, Finland. July, 23rd Qinhao Min picked me up at Heathrow airport and Derek Zhang joined us the next day. We went to the most famous places of interest in London, York, Edinburgh, Manchester City, Nottingham, Cambridge, Oxford. (I have uploaded our traveling photos on Instagram). I watched The Tempest performed by Shakespeare's Rose Theater in York. it was the first time for me to enjoy Drama in English. I also watched the The Phantom of the Opera at Her Majesty's Theater, which was really amazing.  I plan to arrange my travel notes in England and Scotland if I am free. I will update it in the future.

I spent 10 days in U.K. but I cannot say that I went abroad actually, because I was just with Haomin and Derek in U.K. We talked in Chinese and there was little cross-culture shock. However, as soon as I started to walk towards Security Check before on board, I realized that I had to face all the unknown situation all by myself. A little fear but more curiosity drove my body. When I sat down at the departure lounge, a sense of loneliness sprout in my heard, because there was no Chinese face, even little Asian face in my sight. But a black man and her wife sitting beside me warmed me a lot during the flight. It is my honor to meet and have a great chat with them.

On August 1st, I arrived at New York John F. Kennedy airport and started a new life. I met Shan Hui first and applied for cellphone number, Bank account, the Internet connection and the insurance. And most important thing is to settle down in the new apartment. (My roommates, besides Shan Hui, are Jiawei Wei, Yuxiao Cai.) The life in New York is colorful but expensive. It cost more than 6000 dollars each month for our 4 roommates in total. Moreover, it takes more than 1900 dollars for each credit in NYU. I should take the most advantage of the resource I can access, because the money is from my family.

The biggest challenge in NYU was the mathematics and quantitative stuff. The stochastic processes and stochastic calculus, coupled with Object Oriented Programming in C++ drove me crazy. But these were not the worst. I selected the class held by Peter Carr, the director of my department, on impulse. The outcome proved it was the terrible decision: I just collected all difficult subjects in the same semester. Although there are other excuses, to be brief, I ruined it. During the rest semesters, I have to try to my best to promote my grade point average. But every coin has two sides: I enriched myself in mathematics during the 4 months.

In the winter holiday, Tianhao Shen, Yifei Zhang and I traveled to Los Vegas and several places in California. Tianhao picked me up at New York and we drove to Boston to meet Yifei. Then we three flied to Los Vegas, with transition at Salt Lake City. We lived at Caesar and I went to casino again after 7 months. But this time, I didn't gamble. even the slot machine. However, the steak in Gordon Ramsay's restaurant and strip show excited me a lot. After having the most famous buffet all around the world, we flied to Los Angeles and started a road trip. Here, we had only one driver, Tianhao. Yifei and  I owed him a lot, even if we came across a small car accident during the ride from Los Angeles to San Francisco. We three spent the Christmas eve at Los Angeles and New year eve at San Francisco. I will never forget this amazing trip. 

After coming back to New York, it was still in the winter holiday. It is the first time for me to spend Chinese traditional new year eve by myself, but I also met a lot of old and new friends during these time. NYC is where amazing happens, because you can also meet people out of your expectation. However, during the same time, corona-virus outbreak at Wuhan, and NYC would never forecast itself would be stuck by corona-virus and the most number of corona-virus cases all over the U.S. in 2 months. And on my birthday, it is just at the peak of corona-virus crisis. I have continuously stayed home for 2 months and only went out twice during the last 4 months. I hope NYC and everyone can be going well and survive it.

These days, a famous description about destiny, which is originally expressed in Chinese, always occurs to me:

>When you are old, looking back on your life, you will find that: when you decide to go abroad for study, when you start the first career, when you fall in love with someone, and when you get married, it is actually a really big change in the life. But standing at the intersection, you will never realize how complicated it is. On the day of making the decisions, in your diary, it was probably quite dull and ordinary. At that time, you thought it was an ordinary day in life.

I cannot agree with it more when I was typing down these words, especially reviewing the last year. I realize and believe that the last year and the next several years means a lot to me. And this is where the word "refreshed" comes from: I wish I have the ability to keep myself refreshed ---- whatever difficulties I will come across, however ridiculous thought I will have, whenever I am at rock bottom, I can always regain the strength and energy to move on. 