---
title: Eventful Age of 24
date: 2021-05-29
tags:
	- Journal
	- Annual Letter
categories: 
	- Thoughts
	- Personal Journals
---
It might be a little late to summarize the my age of 24 in the mid of May, but there is something lingering in my mind and driving me to express myself, especially in this eventful year and my graduation.

Starting with the Covid-19, the age of 24 is terrible. Lots of lives left us. There was no clear health guidance in the New York City until the end of March. Since then, the New York City had been the center of the pandemic in the US for a long time.  During the April 2000, the very first thing I did everyday was to check the number of new cases and deaths due to Covid-19 in the New York state. What's more, the China-US relationship turned to be worse day by day. Everything was very different from what I expected one year before. In spite of these downside information, there were also good things: NYU reacted fast -- we were required to study online via Zoom from March. The NYU international student center also host the weekly activities as usual except one difference: all the events were online. My roommates and I quarantined ourselves with online shopping. Every friend I know succeed in protecting themselves from the Covid-19 no matter what country they came from. I also learned a course of Robert Engle, whose volatility lectures were pretty clear. Although the news both in China and US were crazy, I led a relative calm and peaceful life with grasp a lot of knowledge. I knew this should be credited to the health-care workers and volunteers, just like the everyday sound of Saluting applause all over the New York City around 7pm: without them we could not live this kind of easy life.  

It got better in the end of May: it became warmer and the increase speed of new cases was lower. However, the death of George Floyd changed everything: the Black-Lives-Matter campaign engulfed the whole United States and lots of hates dominated us. I still remembered that everyday or every two days there would be a protesting parade under my apartment in June. The public concerns were triggered and the funding of police was cut off, which was typical the US. I  had to quarantine myself to stay at home all the days. At that time I was still doing the Franklin's project and starting the capstone with Professor Peter Carr: during all the summer, I was busy with reading papers and writing codes. Therefore, these outside campaigns didn't affect me too much. But my roommates, Yuxiao Cai and Shan Hui went back to China during this period and classmate Xiao Liu came to be my roommate shortly. I also moved to a new apartment with new roommates in the beginning of August. 

The new fall-semester was changing a lot. At the beginning I was still collecting the information of PhD programs, but after thorough consideration, I decided to apply for PhD in the next one or two years because the competition of the PhD application was quite fierce during this Covid-time: a lot of departments cut down the doctoral positions and the sluggish job market made some graduates become new applicants of doctoral programs. The same situation also happened in the PhD job market: the placement of many promising PhD students dropped a level because of the less supply of tenure-track positions among the academic institutions. In this way, I could also improve my GPA a little bit in the last semester, which would be beneficial to the application. During the fall semester, I selected 5 courses and helped Franklin collecting the Assistant Professor information, which depicted  for me what the PhD life would be in the future. 

I also joined a weekly English conversation group on Monday morning from the fall-semester (This group is exclusively for NYU students). The hosts, who are are friendly and nice, are an American Christian couple from North Carolina.  There were 3 other participates: a girl major in law from Japan, a girl major in engineering from Mexico and a boy who is an undergraduate from Turkey. We had fairly broad topics every weeks. Because September and October are pretty important for the US election, we also covered the political topics as well. This experience enriched my understanding of this world: the similarity among us outperforms the differences in spite of the various cultural background. However, I did feel like this year was a turning point of the US society: as we all knew, American people who supports Trump broke into the capitol hill in January, which shocked the whole world. Although Biden won the election and Trump's social media was banned for a long time, the MAGA movement is still an essential group who should not be underestimated. We are still in the history.

In the winter holiday, two of my roommates (Zhenzhou and Zhifeng), one classmate of Zhifeng and I went to skiing in the hunter mountain resort. It is also the first time for me to go skiing. Though Zhifeng and I always lost balance and fell down in the first day, it was lucky that I did hurt myself. On the second day we were more familiar with it. Since we were close to graduation and the pandemic was kind of under the control, we had a small party in our apartment with NYU MFE classmates. The other four classmates who also applied for PhD program this year (Shengyu Huang, Boyan Han, Ziqi Yuan and Qi Yan) and I had several parties under the support of Shengyu (picking us up to his studio). All of this reminded me of the life before the pandemic: it should be like this.

The last semester drove me crazy because I had three courses and needed to apply for the pre-doc research assistant position as well. In March, I had an interview and computational test with the Macro-Finance program at the BFI UChicago, which is famous for its leader Lars Peter Hansen. However, because not familiar with the finite difference method to solve differential equations numerically at that time, I didn't pass the test, which was an upset result. As a proverb says, the road to happiness is full of hardships.  In may, I received a computational test from The Rodney L. White Center for Financial Research at the Wharton School. Although in that week I also had a final project in Big Data in Finance, a final exam in Macroeconomics and got the Pfizer Covid vaccine (2nd dose), I still made it. Just one day before the graduation commencement ceremony, I got my verbal offer from the three finance professors at Wharton school. It was my happiest moment during these two years in the US and I felt that everything is worthwhile.  Right Now, I have graduated from the Financial and Risk Engineering department at NYU and will be a pre-doc research assistant at Wharton. I also started with a research project with Professor Mike Lipkin, Professor Johannes Ruf and Yiren Wu, which is a final project for Event Driven Finance course but also a follow-up research of the hedging with Linear regression and neural network.

This year is also a turning point of myself. In the future, I want to be a scholar like Max Planck, Max Weber or Max o Lorenz, do the search with intellectual honesty. Probably the road to PhD is more difficult than my expectation, but I prefer to take social science as my vocation because there are some ultimate values, I believe, lying in the science.
