---
title: WSJ Collections
date: 2019-1-23
tags: 
	- English
	- WSJ
categories: 
	- Languages
	- English
	- Wall Street Journal
---

This note contains some summaries of news from the Wall Street Journal. 

## Stocks Decline as Growth Concerns Resurface
Date: Jan. 22, 2019; By Michael Wursthorn and Avantika Chilkoti

Points:

+ The main index in US market fell down, seemly halting the recoveries.
	+ IMF reduced its forecast for global economic growth in 2019.
	+ Chinese economy decelerate faster than expected, with growth at the slowest annual pace in 2018 since 1990.
	+ FT said Trump administration turned down an offer hold preparatory trade talks with China, which was denied by officials.
	+ US economy outlook was muddied by recent housing data, which showed existing-home sales fell in Dec. to the weakest level in more than 3 years.

Idiom & Phrase & Sentence:

+ "We are **in a positive, but slower, meandering path of growth**," *with US-China trade tensions, the continuing government shutdown and the overall impact on corporate profits all acting as wild cards for investors* that could **drastically alter the investment landscape**, He added.

Links:
[Stocks Decline as Growth Concerns Resurface](https://www.wsj.com/articles/global-stocks-slip-as-economic-concerns-resurface-11548146958?mod=searchresults&page=1&pos=2 "Stocks Decline as Growth Concerns Resurface")


## Scamming Grandma: Financial Abuse of Seniors Hits Record
Date: Jan. 24, 2019; By Yuka Hayashi

Points:

+ Cases of elder financial abuse was reported more than double the amount five years earlier.
	+ New law was enacted to prompt banks to address frauds and scams.
	+ Bankers attribute a increase in social media use by the older for a surge in fraud cases targeting seniors.

Idiom & Phrase & Sentence:

+ **Only later did he find out** that there was no DUI and his grandson hadn’t been in an accident. 
+ Besides the grandchild scam, there are romance or online dating schemes **in which victims are deceived into online relationships** before **being swindled out of their savings**.

Links:
[Scamming Grandma: Financial Abuse of Seniors Hits Record](https://www.wsj.com/articles/scamming-grandma-financial-abuse-of-seniors-hits-record-11548344907?mod=hp_lead_pos5 "Scamming Grandma: Financial Abuse of Seniors Hits Record")


## As China Trade Talks Begin, Trump Faces Pressure to Make a Deal
Date: Jan. 29, 2019; By Vivian Salama

Points:

+ Recent: Trump gets pressure.
	+ Chinese tariffs imposed to counter U.S. levies have a negative impact on business groups and his staunchest supporters and constituencies.
+ Background: Trump made a pledge.
	+ Trump are on a pledge to renegotiate trade deals with the aim of protecting American workers. If optimistic, it is a big victory and create real momentum across the globe.
+ However: risk for Republicans, if it is failure.
+ Another source of pressure: 
	+ Concerns that the fight drag on indefinitely
+ Next: Talk will begin Wednesday and conclude Thursday.
	+ Talk aimed at staving off the plans of raising tariffs.
	+ Two sides **remain far apart**, with Chinese little sign of a change.
	+ China hawks and business groups are concerned that Trump seek a quick win.

Idiom & Phrase & Sentence:

***As stocks swooned***, Mr. Trump anxiously called advisers both inside and outside the White House, seeking reassurances that his stance on China wasn't *driving the selloff*.

Links:
[As China Trade Talks Begin, Trump Faces Pressure to Make a Deal](https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-china-trade-talks-begin-trump-faces-pressure-to-make-a-deal-11548808477 "As China Trade Talks Begin, Trump Faces Pressure to Make a Deal")
